README.md, before:

# CoinMaterial ![Coin image](./src/main/resources/coin.png "Coin")
A DoubleWhale plugin for Minecraft servers on Bukkit / Spigot / Paper / etc.

## Description
Easy to deploy server-wide wallet system for a single common currency.

## Features
* Turn any item drops into coins on pickup by player.
* Withdraw coins to inventory as items.
* Pay other players wallet-to-wallet even when they are offline.
* L10N support with lines in [config.yml][config_file].
* Seamless intergration with other DoubleWhale plugins:
    * [Guilded][guilded_repo] - guild wallets, paid guild creation, maintaining, players accept.
* Funny arabic memes in russian included.

## Usage
### Plugin commands
> From [plugin.yml](src/main/resources/plugin.yml):
>> Reload plugin config:<br>
>> ```/coinmaterial reload```<br><br>
>> View wallet balance in coins:<br>
>> ```/money```<br><br>
>> Transfer ```<amount>```  of coins from wallet to other player with nickname ```<playerName>```.<br>
>> ```<playerName>```  is completed/tab completed with list of all players, who have wallets.<br>
>> ```/pay <amount> <playerName>```<br><br>
>> Withdraw ```<amount>``` of coins from wallet to inventory in items.<br>
>> If ```<amount>``` is string ```all```, then withdraw all coins in the wallet.<br>
>> Coin ItemMaterial is configured in [config.yml][config_file] in ```COIN_MATERIAL:```  string.<br>
>> ```/wallet <amount>```<br>
>> ```/wallet all```

### Any DoubleWhale plugins integration
Integrations with our plugins is under-the-hood if all plugins are in one directory, for example:<br>
<pre>
ServerRootDir/
    plugins/
        CoinMaterial.jar
	Guilded.jar
	...
</pre>
The code behind integration scans current directory of CoinMaterial.jar file for other DW plugins.<br>
Then other plugin relative commands will be avialiable.<br>

__CoinMaterial Guilded intergration error: read further:__<br>
In case you have divided your plugins in different directories, you can set ```dwPluginsPath``` in [config.yml][config_file] under the ```integration:```  label with path to your directory, where all DW plugins are located.

### Supported DoubleWhale plugins
As for now, the only supported plugin is [Guilded][guilded_repo].

### Integration related commands
> With Guilded:<br>
>> Transfer ```<amount>```  of coins from wallet to guild's wallet.<br>
>> The guild, which wallet will be referenced is determened via player with given ```<playerName>```  with role ```admin/operator/added```  in that guild .<br>
>> ```/pay guild <amount> <playerName>```<br><br>
>> Get guild's wallet balance.<br>
>> The referenced guild is the player's guild, if he has ```admin/operator/added``` role in it.<br>
>> ```/money guild```<br><br>
>> Withdraw ```<amount>```  of coins from guild's wallet.<br>
>> Coins will be withdrawed if the player issuing this command has ```admin/operator```  role in that guild.<br>
>> ```/wallet guild <amount>```

## Contribution
View [CONTRIBUTION.md](CONTRIBUTION.md).

[guilded_repo]: https://github.com/WhaleOpop/Guilded
[config_file]: ./src/main/resources/config.yml

Commit message:

Version 1.5 Guilded integration support alpha
Add plugin info, authors info, website to plugin.yml, multilines usage comments on commands
Ref config.yml: split localization and settings appart, add comments
Add Guilded plugin (https://github.com/whaleopop/Guilded) seamless integration support, config.yml setting integrateDW (default "enabled") to toggle autointegration
Upd README.md referencing Guilded integration, finally added CONTRIBUTION.md and LICENSE.md
Upd all commands to work with guilds ("/<command> guild" is now available) and fix complete method (still needs testing)
Mov Coin.json to DWdatabases/ directory, add autocreate all directories to Coin.json on plugin onEnable
Ren Hashmapper to CoinSerializer to reference GuildSerializer from Guilded
Add getLocal, getSettings methods to AbstractCommand, EventListener

README.md, after:

# CoinMaterial ![Coin image](./src/main/resources/coin.png "Coin")
A DoubleWhale plugin for Minecraft servers on Bukkit / Spigot / Paper / etc.

## Description
Easy to deploy server-wide wallet system for a single common currency.

## Features
* Turn any item drops into coins on pickup by player.
* Withdraw coins to inventory as items.
* Pay other players wallet-to-wallet even when they are offline.
* L10N support with lines in [config.yml][config_file].
* Seamless integration with other DoubleWhale plugins:
    * [Guilded][guilded_repo] - guild wallets, paid guild creation, maintaining, players accept.
* Funny Arabic memes in Russian included.

## Usage
### Plugin commands
> From [plugin.yml](src/main/resources/plugin.yml):
>> Reload plugin config file:<br>
>> ```/coinmaterial reload```<br><br>
>> View wallet balance in coins:<br>
>> ```/money```<br><br>
>> Transfer ```<amount>```  of coins from wallet to other player with nickname ```<playerName>```.<br>
>> ```<playerName>```  is completed/tab completed with list of all players, who have wallets.<br>
>> ```/pay <amount> <playerName>```<br><br>
>> Withdraw ```<amount>``` of coins from wallet to inventory in items.<br>
>> If ```<amount>``` is string ```all```, then withdraw all coins in the wallet.<br>
>> Coin ItemMaterial is configured in [config.yml][config_file] in ```COIN_MATERIAL:```  string.<br>
>> ```/wallet <amount>```<br>
>> ```/wallet all```

### Any DoubleWhale plugins integration
Integrations with our plugins is under-the-hood if all plugins are in one directory, for example:<br>
<pre>
ServerRootDir/
    plugins/
        CoinMaterial.jar
	Guilded.jar
	...
</pre>
The code behind integration scans current directory of CoinMaterial.jar file for other DW plugins.<br>
Then other plugin relative commands will be available.<br>

__CoinMaterial Guilded integration error: read further:__ <br>
CoinMaterial might have not found Guilded .jar file. The main reason this might have happened is because you have Guilded plugin renamed. Please put string "Guilded" (case insensitive) in the name of the .jar file.

__You can choose to disable integrations:__ <br>
In case you want to disable plugin integrations, set ```integrateDW```  in [config.yml][config_file] under the ```settings:general:```  label with string ```"disabled"```.

### Supported DoubleWhale plugins
As for now, the only supported plugin is [Guilded][guilded_repo].

### Integration related commands
> With Guilded:<br>
>> Transfer ```<amount>```  of coins from wallet to guild's wallet.<br>
>> The guild, which wallet will be referenced is determined via player with given ```<playerName>```  with __creator/operator/member__ role in that guild .<br>
>> ```/pay guild <amount> <playerName>```<br><br>
>> Get guild's wallet balance.<br>
>> The referenced guild is the player's guild, if he has __creator/operator/member__ role in it.<br>
>> ```/money guild```<br><br>
>> Withdraw ```<amount>```  of coins from guild's wallet.<br>
>> Coins will be withdrawn if the player issuing this command has __creator/operator__ role in that guild.<br>
>> ```/wallet guild <amount>```

## Contribution
View [CONTRIBUTION.md](CONTRIBUTION.md).

[guilded_repo]: https://github.com/WhaleOpop/Guilded
[config_file]: ./src/main/resources/config.yml
